News & Analysis | Yahoo News Canada Yahoo Search Search Mail News Follow Us Originals On Canada Project Opinion COVID-19 Canada World Business Entertainment Weather Sports Science Videos New details emerge around Sinéad O'Connor's death London police say the acclaimed singer's death didn't occur under suspicious circumstances.Official autopsy to come » ‘Era of global boiling has arrived’: UN chief U.S. officer fired after his police dog attacked surrendering man Beyoncé's mom files for divorce from husband of 8 years News The Canadian Press Trump accused of asking staffer to delete camera footage in Florida classified documents case WASHINGTON (AP) — Former President Donald Trump is facing accusations that he and aides asked a staffer to delete camera footage at his Florida estate in an effort to obstruct the classified documents investigations. The allegations were made Thursday in an updated grand jury indictment that adds new charges against Trump and adds another defendant to the case. A Trump spokesperson dismissed the new charges as “nothing more than a continued desperate and flailing attempt” by the Biden administra Third Defendant Charged In Trump's Classified Documents Case HuffPost US says Trump ordered video deleted, charges second employee in documents case Reuters News The Canadian Press Toronto car theft victim says he had to travel to Montreal to get Range Rover back TORONTO — Stephen Taub says he knew exactly where a Range Rover stolen from his Toronto driveway was located, thanks to a tracking device. But he had to travel all the way to Montreal himself to recover it. Taub, a 64-year-old investment banker who lives in Toronto's affluent Forest Hill neighbourhood, said two Range Rovers were stolen from his driveway in the past year -- thefts that highlight how difficult it is for owners to get their vehicles back, if at all. Taub said thieves stole his firs News CBC Vancouver Island campground closed after 'food-conditioned' bear ripped through tents A popular campground on southern Vancouver Island will be closed until Monday after a bear went after campers' food earlier this week. Leena Turunen was camping at French Beach Provincial Park, about 60 kilometres west of Victoria, on July 25, and was sleeping in her car. In an email to CBC News, she said a black bear woke her up around 5 a.m. on Wednesday as it scraped the drivers side door, broke the side mirror and tried to climb on to the roof. "When I lay on the horn, it moved less than fiv Sports The Canadian Press Netherlands stands tall against US at Women's World Cup despite injuries to its forwards WELLINGTON, New Zealand (AP) — They almost did it, even without their best forwards. Netherlands got ahead of the United States early Thursday and then withstood a flurry of U.S. attacks to preserve a 1-1 draw in its rematch of the 2019 Women’s World Cup final. The Dutch entered the match with a weakened attack. Vivianne Miedema, the country's all-time leading women’s scorer, is out of the tournament entirely with a torn ACL. After coach Andries Jonker selected Lineth Beerensteyn for the team’s Soccer-US match to showcase best of women's football, says Dutch coach The Americans dominated their Women's World Cup opener. They face a tougher task against the Dutch Associated Press News The Canadian Press B.C. RCMP arrest Surrey massage therapist on multiple sex assaults SURREY, B.C. — A massage therapist is facing multiple sexual assault charges for what police in Surrey, B.C., say are allegations that span a 16-year period. RCMP say they first received a report in November 2021 about alleged sexual assaults occurring in 2016 and 2017 involving massage therapist Leonard Krekic. Police say the assault complaints came from clients receiving massage treatments from Krekic, and the force's special victims unit stepped in and found several other alleged victims. RCM News CBC Commercial truck full of corn and over 60 kg of cocaine nabbed at Manitoba border Border agents seized more than 60 kilograms of what's believed to be cocaine hidden by loads of corn in a commercial truck that crossed the Manitoba border earlier this month, authorities say.Officers with a team of drug-detecting dogs found bricks of the suspected cocaine concealed in a modified compartment within the truck's trailer after it arrived at the Emerson border crossing in the early morning hours of July 14, director Rossel Lapointe of the Canada Border Services Agency (CBSA) said at Entertainment The Canadian Press Randy Meisner, founding member of the Eagles and singer of 'Take It to the Limit,' dies at 77 NEW YORK (AP) — Randy Meisner, a founding member of the Eagles who added high harmonies to such favorites as “Take It Easy” and “The Best of My Love” and stepped out front for the waltz-time ballad “Take It to the Limit,” has died, the band said Thursday. Meisner died Wednesday night in Los Angeles of complications from chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, the Eagles said in a statement. He was 77. The bassist had endured numerous afflictions in recent years and personal tragedy in 2016 when h News The Canadian Press Thousands without power after Ontario storm, tornado experts survey damage Thousands of homes remained without power into Thursday after a major storm swept powerful wind gusts through parts of southwestern Ontario, toppling trees onto houses and wreaking widespread damage on power lines. Hydro One reported power outages for more than 7,000 customers as of 1:30 p.m. Thursday concentrated around the hard-hit regions of Essex County and Chatham-Kent. Mary Ann Rampersaud said she witnessed some of the worst damage in the small community of Harrow, where the storm passed t News The Canadian Press Victims of Nova Scotia flooding include 6-year-old girl and member of local rock band HALIFAX — A musician in a local heavy metal band and a six-year-old girl who loved dressing up like a princess have been identified as two of the victims who died during a torrential rainstorm last weekend in rural Nova Scotia. Nicholas Anthony Holland, 52, of Windsor, N.S., was the bassist in Hogtooth and father of two children. His former wife, Julie Giffin Holland, confirmed to The Canadian Press that Holland died trying to escape the floodwater. "He died a hero and should be remembered as th Politics The Canadian Press Republican senator calls out Canada's 'feeble commitment' on NATO spending WASHINGTON — Canada is again in the U.S. spotlight for what one Republican senator is calling its "feeble commitment" to defence spending. Alaska Sen. Dan Sullivan called out the Liberal government's commitment to NATO during a confirmation hearing Wednesday for the next Norad commander. Sullivan cited a Wall Street Journal editorial earlier this month that described Canada as a free rider on the global military alliance. The country has a history of falling well short of NATO's agreed-upon spen U.S. senator: Canada 'feeble' on NATO spending Canada 'not even close to its two per cent commitment' on NATO spending, Republican senator calls out News The Canadian Press Kuwait executes 5 prisoners, including a man convicted in 2015 Islamic State-claimed mosque bombing DUBAI, United Arab Emirates (AP) — Kuwait said Thursday it executed five prisoners, including an inmate convicted over the bombing of a Shiite mosque in 2015 that killed 27 people and was claimed by the Islamic State group. The inmates were hanged at the Central Prison, Kuwait's Public Prosecution said in a statement. Prosecutors said the five include the mosque attacker, three people convicted of murder and a convicted drug dealer. One of the convicted murderers was Egyptian, another was Kuwait News The Canadian Press 'Whale ballet': Video shows 3 humpbacks jump in unison, a birthday surprise for man and daughters PORSTMOUTH, N.H. (AP) — A New Hampshire man celebrating his birthday on the ocean with his three daughters captured video of something so rare that even marine scientists are jealous — three humpback whales leaping from the water in near perfect unison. “It was such an uplifting thing to see. Just incredible," Robert Addie said. The Portsmouth man, now a home remodeler, spent decades on the water as a commercial fisherman in Massachusetts and Alaska. In that time, he said he's seen thousands of Portsmouth man reflects on moment he saw 3 whales breach off Mass. coast WMUR - Manchester Portsmouth man reflects on moment he saw 3 whales breach off Massachusetts coast WMUR - Manchester Health The Canadian Press Dangerous fungus is becoming more prevalent. Scientists believe climate change could be to blame SEATTLE (AP) — In 2016, hospitals in New York state identified a rare and dangerous fungal infection never before found in the United States. Research laboratories quickly mobilized to review historical specimens and found the fungus had been present in the country since at least 2013. In the years since, New York City has emerged as ground zero for Candida auris infections. And until 2021, the state recorded the most confirmed cases in the country year after year, even as the illness has spread News The Canadian Press In the news today: New federal cabinet role, Pat Carney dead at 88 Here is a roundup of stories from The Canadian Press designed to bring you up to speed on what you need to know today... Specifics of citizens' services cabinet job murky Prime Minister Justin Trudeau's cabinet shuffle created a new citizens' services job for rookie minister Terry Beech, but it still appears unclear exactly what that job will entail. When asked what "citizens' services" is after he was sworn in, Beech said it will include some elements of Employment and Social Development Canada Ontario provincial byelections set for today in Toronto, Ottawa areas Newsroom Ready: Trudeau pushes back against accusations that Canada falling behind on Norad, NATO commitments Canadian Press Videos News The Canadian Press Man arrested in cold case of woman found in Ontario 'dumped her body' in river: docs A man charged with murdering a woman who was found dead in eastern Ontario decades ago told police investigating the cold case that he dumped her body in a river, U.S. court documents show. The details of Rodney Mervyn Nichols' conversation with Ontario Provincial Police at a Florida retirement home are contained in court documents filed this week as Nichols was arrested Tuesday. OPP have charged Nichols, of Hollywood, Fla., with murder in the death of Jewell 'Lalla' Langford, referred to as Lal News Global News Procession held for Toronto police dog Bingo, killed in line of duty Toronto police lined a funeral procession on Thursday morning for Bingo – a police dog shot and killed in the line of duty while searching for a suspect with a gun on Tuesday night. The suspect involved in the shooting was also shot by a Toronto police officer prompting the province’s Special Investigations Unit (SIU) to investigate. The SIU said at 7:45 p.m. officers had gone to an apartment on Dixon Road in an attempt to “arrest the suspect for second-degree murder.” Police dog killed during search for armed suspect Man dead after daytime stabbing in east Toronto CBC News CBC Yellowknifers step up to rescue pets left behind in Behchokǫ̀ after evacuation When the evacuation order came on Monday evening for Behchokǫ̀, N.W.T., it didn't take long for Jason Card of Yellowknife to decide that's where he was going."I didn't know if any anybody had decided to go out and help with any animal rescues," he recalled on Wednesday, back home in Yellowknife along with dozens of animals he retrieved from wildfire-threatened Behchokǫ. "[We] hopped in our truck, came to the SPCA, got as many kennels as we could and we just headed out the highway."Card — along w News The Canadian Press Sweden's prime minister is concerned about a new wave of applications to burn religious books STOCKHOLM (AP) — Sweden’s prime minister said Thursday that police have received several permit applications for the burning of religious texts in the country next week, and that he fears this may escalate tensions further with the Muslim world. In his first public comments since the start of the Quran burning crisis that has severely strained Stockholm’s ties with Muslim nations, Prime Minister Ulf Kristersson told Swedish news agency TT he was “extremely concerned” about a new wave of desecrat Sweden's PM 'extremely concerned' as applications to burn religious books pour in Security risks in Sweden rise due to Quran desecrations and protests, security agency says Associated Press News The Canadian Press Man faces sex assault charges after homeless women in Edmonton targeted: police EDMONTON — Police say a 60-year-old man is facing sexual assault charges for allegedly targeting women experiencing homelessness in Edmonton. Police say they began an investigation in January after receiving reports of a man approaching women at the emergency shelters before bringing them back to a residence where they were allegedly confined and then sexually assaulted. They say the investigation uncovered that one sexual assault took place in July 2015 and another in December. The suspect has Kevin Spacey Found Not Guilty in U.K. Sexual Assault Trial People School officials charged for failing to report alleged sexual assault of 15-year-old girl WPBF - West Palm Beach News CBC Montreal police seek 'important witness' to Lachine double homicide that left mother and daughter dead A mother and daughter were found dead inside a home in Montreal's Lachine borough early Thursday morning in what police are now calling a double homicide.Police said they have found a family vehicle connected to the homicides and are seeking an "important witness," who could be a suspect, but they did not say who it was. A Montreal police spokesperson said officers first received a call about a disappearance just past midnight. About an hour later, a short investigation led them to a home on J.- Mother and daughter found dead in Montreal home Montreal police officer stabbed while on duty News The Canadian Press Supreme Court won't hear appeal of ex-construction boss convicted of corruption OTTAWA — The Supreme Court of Canada will not hear an appeal from a former construction boss who was convicted of corruption, breach of trust and conspiracy to commit fraud. Tony Accurso was sentenced to concurrent prison terms of 30 months and four years in 2018 in what a Quebec judge called one of the worst examples of municipal corruption to come before a Canadian court. A jury convicted Accurso of charges tied to a kickback scheme that saw companies receive lucrative public contracts in exch News CBC A 20-minute run in 40 C. What happens to the body in extreme heat When temperatures hit historic highs, it can affect every organ in the body as well as mental cognition. But what does that feel like? CBC’s Lauren Pelley visited a lab where it’s being studied to experience what happens when the body overheats. What to Read Next Sinéad O’Connor’s Cause of Death: New Details Emerge TVLine.com US heat wave intensifies, capping globe's record July Reuters Videos ‘Era of global boiling has arrived,’ says UN chief as July set to be hottest month on record The Guardian Loblaw locking up certain items in response to 'professional thieves' Yahoo Finance Canada Wildfires hit Croatian island on Adriatic coast Reuters Videos Novak Djokovic’s father calls for him to retire: ‘He should have stopped’ The Telegraph Trump accused of asking staffer to delete camera footage in Florida classified documents case The Canadian Press US women’s team refuse to sing national anthem before World Cup draw with Netherlands The Telegraph Italian Firefighters Race to Contain New Wildfire Near French Border Storyful Lainey Lui to leave CTV's 'The Social' end of August, appear full-time on 'eTalk' The Canadian Press ‘I live in the real world': Kevin O'Leary just warned the US has a 'crisis emerging' thanks to the breakneck speed of interest rate hikes — here is who will feel the most pain Moneywise Influencer Birds Papaya stuns on Iceland vacation inspired by Kaitlyn Bristowe Yahoo Canada Style Rare white tiger cub finds new home in Germany Reuters Videos Video captures an anti-tank ditch swallowing a vehicle, showing one of the dangers complicating Ukraine's assault Business Insider Senators sign Vladimir Tarasenko to 1-year, $5M contract Yahoo Sports Canada Ohio K-9 officer fired after his police dog attacked surrendering suspect ABC News Israel's Arabs watch democracy battle from sidelines Reuters Videos Ethan Slater's estranged wife addresses Ariana Grande relationship: 'My family is just collateral damage' Yahoo Celebrity The One Swimming Mistake You Shouldn't Make On Holiday HuffPost UK Thanks to Nigeria's upset win, Canada now finds itself in Women's World Cup logjam The Canadian Press Sicilian church reduced to rubble from wildfire Reuters Videos Dua Lipa Flaunts 🔥 Abs And Underboob In A Hello Kitty String swimsuit Women's Health Beyoncé's Mom Tina Knowles-Lawson Files for Divorce from Actor Richard Lawson People Typhoon Doksuri smacks southern Taiwan Reuters Videos Alicia Navarro: Girl missing for nearly four years walks into police station BBC 5 ways to tell it's time to upgrade your AC unit, according to an expert Yahoo Canada Style How to sleep without AC during a heatwave: ‘This is genius, why have I never thought of this’ In The Know by Yahoo Drone video shows wildfire damage in Sicily Reuters Videos 'Zelenskyy is in a box': Some experts say Ukraine won't win the war. Live updates. USA TODAY Blue Jays pitcher Jay Jackson spending off days at Utah hospital with premature son Yahoo Sports Canada China is sending enough military gear, including drones, to Russia to equip an army, thanks to a loophole in the West's attempts to stop Putin's war machine, report says Business Insider 'He held onto me so tight': The remarkable rescues from Nova Scotia floods Global News TC Energy announces spinoff of liquids pipeline business Yahoo Finance Canada Kylie Jenner Addresses Rumors She's Been Hooking Up with Bestie Stassie Karanikolaou People Hulk Hogan Announces He's Engaged to Yoga Instructor Sky Daily: 'She Was Crazy Enough to Say Yes' People 'We fight for nothing': Deadly wildfires, searing heat plagues Mediterranean Global News Democrats Get Ready To Make Marjorie Taylor Greene Every Swing-Seat Republican’s Best Friend HuffPost Russia tried to wipe out a Ukrainian air base that's crucial to its ability to launch the Storm Shadow missile Business Insider
