Movie reviews and trailers - Yahoo Movies Canada Yahoo Search Search Mail Movies News Trailers Interviews Video Protecting yourself from the 'invisible killer' gas that led to 3 Marines' deaths At least 420 people die each year in the U.S. from accidental carbon monoxide poisoning. The gas, which cannot be seen or smelled, can leak from appliances like stoves and engines.Read More » Start the conversation Mattel renews licensing deal with Warner Bros. Discovery Toy maker Mattel is renewing its licensing deal with Warner Bros. Discovery Global Consumer Products. Mattel will continue as a Warner Bros.’ toy licensee for categories including preschool, plush, dolls, vehicles, games, and novelty toys. It will develop and market products for Read More » Chinese court begins appeal trial for Canadian pop star Kris Wu Mattel bets on Barbie revival, posts surprise quarterly profit Cineplex Stock: Will the Silver Screen Become a Golden Opportunity? Entertainment Yahoo Movies National Loving Day: The 'Loving' cast on the film couple's perfect and fateful last name Director Jeff Nichols has never had an easier time titling a movie. The filmmaker’s latest project, Loving, follows the real-life couple (Joel Edgerton and Ruth Negga) whose union led the Supreme Court to strike down laws prohibiting interracial marriage. The couple’s last name — which all you law students already know — was, amazingly, Loving. Entertainment Yahoo Movies 'Pretty Woman' at 30: Richard Gere recalls initial reaction to role, 'Just put a suit on a goat' Richard Gere was not clamoring to play corporate raider Edward Lewis when "Pretty Woman" first looked his way. Entertainment Yahoo Movies The Joker's still getting away… How 'Jingle Bells, Batman Smells' became the ultimate holiday spoof With DC's Caped Crusader celebrating his 80th birthday in 2019, we trace the secret history of Robin's egg-dropping gaffe. Entertainment Nick Schager How 'The Blair Witch Project' got audiences to wonder, 'Is this real?' With its upcoming 20th anniversary, here's a look back at the internet-enabled hook that made "The Blair Witch Project" a landmark in marketing, and lured moviegoers into thinking the fright flick might actually have been a documentary. News Yahoo Movies Role Recall: Helen Hunt on terrifying 'Twister' shoot, epic 'Girls Just Want to Have Fun' dance, and kissing up a storm in 'Cast Away' With “The Miracle Season,” there’s talk of a comeback for Helen Hunt. The actress has been here before. In our latest “Role Recall” interview, Hunt talked about starting off on “Swiss Family Robinson,” doubting that “Mad About You” would succeed, and more. News Yahoo Movies 'Ready Player One': That huge [SPOILER] scene was almost set in 'Blade Runner' "Ready Player One" screenwriter Zak Penn reveals Parzival and friends originally ventured into the world of "Blade Runner" for the film's second challenge. News Yahoo Movies 2 'Ready Player One' references you never saw coming Screenwriter Zak Penn explains how nods to his first two movies, "Last Action Hero" and "PCU," ended up in "Ready Player One." News Yahoo Movies Is 'Ready Player One' the geekiest movie ever made? Steven Spielberg and cast weigh in. “I suffered through geekdom when nobody but me, I felt, was a geek,” Steven Spielberg says. News Kevin Polowy Behind the 'Jumanji' dance fight: How 'terrible dancer' Karen Gillan mastered her moves (exclusive) Karen Gillan is a terrible dancer. The Scottish actress will be the first to admit it. News Yahoo Movies How Steven Spielberg got his 'Star Wars' references in 'Ready Player One' after all One day, the director reportedly said his new film hadn’t been granted the rights to use “Star Wars” material. The next day, he told us it did. And he told us some things fans can watch for. News Kevin Polowy How Alicia Vikander put on 12 pounds of muscle for 'Tomb Raider' transformation Alicia Vikander admits she’s always been “petite.” The Swedish Oscar winner (The Danish Girl) and former ballet dancer stands 5-foot-5 and has always had a featherweight frame. Vikander, 29, added about 12 pounds of muscle to play the video-game-turned-action-movie heroine in the new reboot of Tomb Raider (a role previously played on the big screen by Angelina Jolie in 2001 and 2003). “I lifted weights, probably for the first time in my life, to be able to put on that muscle,” Vikander told Yahoo Entertainment at the film’s Los Angeles press day (watch above). News Yahoo Movies 'Oh, hai Mark!': Tommy Wiseau explains how the 'Disaster Artist' scene veered from real life Tommy Wiseau says he was not fed lines from his cast and crew while shooting 'The Room,' as portrayed in 'The Disaster Artist.' News Kevin Polowy Helen Mirren talks 'Leisure Seeker,' Donald Trump rallies, and why she's never had a celebrity crush Mirren tells Yahoo Entertainment why she initially balked at the heavy subject matter of "The Leisure Seeker," what she'd do at a Donald Trump rally, and who she'd crush on if she had a crush. News Yahoo Movies 'Last Jedi' mystery solved: John Boyega explains why Finn had different haircut, costume in set footage If you went Deep Nerd on that behind-the-scenes video released from "The Last Jedi," you may have noticed Finn sporting a haircut and costume we never saw in the movie. Here's how that happened. News Yahoo Movies How Ava DuVernay updated 'A Wrinkle in Time' for the big screen by embracing diversity "It was Ava DuVernayed," Mindy Kaling says of the new movie version of "A Wrinkle in Time." News Yahoo Movies Michael Stuhlbarg takes little credit for that tearjerking heart-to-heart at the end of 'Call Me by Your Name' If you've seen 'Call Me by Your Name,' chances are you shed a tear or two during the film's poignant closing moments. News Yahoo Movies The 'Shape of Water' fish man: Hot or not? We polled stars at the Oscars. Elisa Esposito (Sally Hawkins) surely loved Amphibian Man (Doug Jones), but what is the general perception of his sexiness? We asked. News Yahoo Movies This year's Oscar nominees share their favorite movie moments of 2017 Many of this year's Oscar nominees have spent the last six or months or so talking endlessly about their films at one press junket or awards event after the other. So on the red carpet at the 2018 Academy Awards, we asked a handful of nominees for their favorite moments from other movies. Entertainment Yahoo Movies 'Get Out' tops the Independent Spirit Awards — could an Oscar upset be next? The love was spread around at the 2018 Film Independent Spirit Awards, with critical darlings such as "Three Billboards Outside Ebbing", "Missouri", "Lady Bird", "Call Me by Your Name", "Mudbound", "I, Tonya", and "The Big Sick" all getting time to shine Saturday afternoon on the sands of Santa Monica, Calif. News Yahoo Movies Tommy Wiseau reveals how he wound up taking that viral selfie with Tonya Harding The subjects of 'The Disaster Artist' and 'I, Tonya' crossed paths in epic fashion. News Yahoo Movies Oprah Winfrey adores her 'Wrinkle in Time' Barbie because she was too poor for the real doll as a kid Oprah's Barbie doll modeled after her character Mrs. Which in the upcoming fantasy "A Wrinkle in Time' is easily a life highlight. News Yahoo Movies Charlize Theron on playing a female 007: 'I would be a very old James Bond' "Daniel, watch out, I'm coming for your job," the "Atomic Blonde" star warns the current 007 star. Just don't call her Jane Bond. News Yahoo Celebrity Kim Kardashian shares adorable mini-me photo of baby Chicago West Kim Kardashian finally introduced her newborn daughter to social media on Monday with a post on Instagram. News Yahoo Movies Charlize Theron admits career had 'bitch period,' says she apologized to 'Gringo' crew for what she had to say (exclusive clip) "I've played a couple of bitches in my life," Charlize Theron told us. "You know, Picasso had the Blue Period. I definitely had a bitch period." News Yahoo Movies #BlackPantherSoLit and beyond: Cast of Marvel's megahit reveals favorite 'Black Panther' memes "Black Panther" is the most tweeted-about movie in the world in 2018 — and was probably pretty high up there last year too. Yahoo Entertainment Help Terms and Privacy Policy Privacy Dashboard Suggestions About our Ads
