Yahoo Menu Yahoo Mail Search SearchCancel Skip to Navigation Skip to Main Content Skip to Related Content Carlee Russell faces a potential year in prison over false kidnap claims ABC News has learned that police are seeking two misdemeanor charges against Russell that could be punishable by prison time. Good Morning America Airbnb owner disguised cameras as smoke detectors in home where couple was 'intimate,' lawsuit alleges A Texas couple is accusing a Maryland Airbnb owner of hiding 'hidden cameras disguised as smoke detectors' in his rental home, where they were 'intimate' during their stay. Fox News Family Who Died Trying to Live 'Off the Grid' Told Loved Ones About Their Plan: 'We Tried to Stop Them' Before leaving, they "watched some YouTube videos" about "how to live off the grid," a family member said People The Right Way to Use Lubes for Sex The most common types of lubes for sex include water and silicone. Here are the top lubes for sex, recommended by sex experts and reviewers. Good Housekeeping Dismembered Remains of Missing Crypto Influencer Millionaire Found in Suitcase 41-year-old Fernando Pérez Algaba was declared missing on July 18. Complex Conservatives Are Furious That Nancy Mace Has Premarital Sex The Republican congresswoman caused a firestorm when she mentioned snubbing her fiancé to make it to a prayer breakfast on time Rolling Stone A bride's sister is requesting a hotel issue a full refund for her wedding after she said it was 'ruined' by hotel workers that were on strike "The couple will forever look back on this day with sorrow as their important day was forever ruined," Lauren West, the bride's sister, told Insider. INSIDER Kelly Ripa Is Replaced by Anderson Cooper on ‘Live With Kelly and Mark’ Amid Ongoing Absence Loyal viewers of Live With Kelly and Mark are more confused than ever by Kelly Ripa’s most recent absence from the program. The talk show host was replaced by Anderson Cooper during the latest episode on Thursday, July 27. Anderson, 56, joined Mark Consuelos at the news desk for the broadcast, which featured segments about... Closer Weekly 'China Has 10 Years Left, At Most' — 100 Million Population Drop Could Lead To Economic Disaster, According To Famed Analyst Renowned geopolitical analyst Peter Zeihan recently made a startling prediction during an interview with commentator Joe Rogan. Zeihan believes that China's collapse is imminent, with only 10 years remaining before potential disaster. The crux of his prediction lies in his assertion that China has misrepresented its population numbers, leading him to estimate that the country's actual population is lower by 100 million than what the government has officially reported. "This is their last decade, Benzinga “Smells like Benghazi”: Republicans reveal fury over Kevin McCarthy’s “impeachment theater” GOP Rep. Ken Buck accused the speaker of using impeachment as a “shiny object” and distraction Salon Joe Burrow carted off field at Bengals training camp An issue to watch at Bengals training camp. Bengals Wire Ryan Reynolds Celebrates Sandra Bullock's Birthday By Posting Naked Video Of The Pair Ryan Reynolds is wishing Sandra Bullock a happy birthday with a NSFW post. The actor took to Instagram to celebrate Sandra's 59th birthday by posting a hilarious and rather risqué clip from their hit 2009 rom-com "The Proposal." In the scene, Ryan's character Andrew and his boss Margaret, who is played by Sandra, accidentally run into one another while naked. “Happy Birthday to the inimitable and stunning Sandra Bullock! For your birthday this year, I got us both intimacy coordinators. And an HR department. And clothing?” Ryan quipped. NBC Watch California woman escape armed carjackers blocking street: 'You've got to be aware' A woman in Oakland, California, used quick thinking to flee from two people who tried to carjack her at gunpoint after pulling in front of her car. Fox News Disturbing video of beach in Guatemala sparks concern on social media: ‘Shocking stuff’ “It all ends up somewhere.” The Cool Down Sinead O’Connor’s Heartbreaking Last Tweet Before Dying Was About Her Son’s Death Irish singer Sinéad O'Connor's heartbreaking final tweet days before her death was about how deeply she missed son Shane O'Connor, who died in January 2022, and how she was "lost" without him. The "This Is the Day" songstress responded to a July 17 Twitter post by the account Inspirational Quote, which asked, "Tell me how... In Touch Weekly If Mitch McConnell steps down, Kentucky Republicans made sure years ago it won't be a Democrat who replaces him Sen. Mitch McConnell froze at a press conference on Wednesday. Years ago, the Kentucky GOP made sure if he steps down, a Republican must replace him. INSIDER Watch How Much Fun Alex Morgan Was Having Getting These Epic Water Photos For SI Swimsuit The Team USA women’s soccer star had a blast at her photoshoot. Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Man wrongly jailed for rape may have to pay prison accommodation and food costs An innocent man who spent 17 years in prison for a rape he did not commit may have his prison accommodation and food costs deducted from any compensation he wins for his ordeal. The Telegraph An intoxicated United Airlines pilot, who turned up for a transatlantic flight 'staggering' and with 'glassy' eyes, was given a 6-month suspended prison sentence, report says A United pilot was more than six times above the legal limit to fly when he was tested at Charles De Gaulle Airport in Paris, Le Parisien reported. Business Insider ‘I live in the real world': Kevin O'Leary just warned the US has a 'crisis emerging' thanks to the breakneck speed of interest rate hikes — here is who will feel the most pain O'Leary's worried about one group in particular. Moneywise A confused Dianne Feinstein tried to give a speech in the middle of a Senate hearing vote and was told to 'just say aye' instead "Just say aye," Senate Appropriations Chairwoman Patty Murray repeatedly pleaded to Feinstein during the vote. Eventually, Feinstein did just that. INSIDER Transgender man fighting to have charges dropped after 7-Eleven incident The Los Angeles Sheriffs Department determined the use of force in a violent arrest caught on camera in a 7-Eleven parking lot was justified. Now the man in the video is fighting to have the charges dropped after the incident cost him his job. NBC Elon Musk's Ex-Wife Talulah Riley Is Engaged to Love Actually 's Thomas Brodie-Sangster Westworld actress Talulah Riley announced her engagement to Love Actually alum Thomas Brodie-Sangster in a tweet on her ex-husband Elon Musk's social media platform. E! News 12 teens beat man in ‘animalistic’ attack outside gas station, Ohio officials say “The man is lucky to be alive,” officials said. Kansas City Star Hulk Hogan Announces He's Engaged to Yoga Instructor Sky Daily: 'She Was Crazy Enough to Say Yes' Hogan's third engagement comes more than a year after he and Daily first began dating People Jen Psaki Suggests Trump Would Fire, Personally Attack Federal Prosecutor if Don Jr. Was Under Investigation (Video) By comparison, the MSNBC host applauds President Biden for playing Hunter's ongoing investigation and plea deal “exactly by the book” The post Jen Psaki Suggests Trump Would Fire, Personally Attack Federal Prosecutor if Don Jr. Was Under Investigation (Video) appeared first on TheWrap. The Wrap Back Sign in Fp Home Mail News Finance Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Shopping Yahoo Plus More... Yahoo Sites Home Mail Search News Finance Entertainment Life Sports Fantasy Sports Weather Tech Shopping Tools Help Account Info View Desktop Version Careers About Terms (Updated) Privacy (Updated)
