Yahoo Finance - Stock Market Live, Quotes, Business & Finance News Yahoo Mail S&P 5004,537.41-0.64% Dow 3035,282.72-0.67% Nasdaq14,050.11-0.55% Russell 20001,954.90-1.29% Crude Oil79.72-0.46% Gold1,946.20+0.03% Silver24.32-0.21% EUR/USD1.0981-0.00% 10-Yr Bond4.0120+4.18% GBP/USD1.2793-0.05% USD/JPY139.2770-0.09% Bitcoin USD29,178.82-1.10% CMC Crypto 200634.51-0.96% FTSE 1007,692.76+0.21% Nikkei 22532,891.16+0.68% Ford beats and boosts guidance but sees more EV losses Ford investors are looking for improvements in revenue and profit guidance when the automaker reports earnings after the market closes. Read More » T-Mobile CEO on Q2: 'Set goals, beat them, and then raise them' Stocks erase early jump as Dow ends winning streak US economy grows at a faster pace than expected in Q2 Yahoo Personal Finance What is a named insured driver? A look at the differences between named insured, named drivers and excluded drivers when building and buying your auto insurance coverage. Yahoo Personal Finance Worried about when student loan repayments resume? These programs could help The Biden administration announced new measures that could help borrowers struggling with their payments. Taking advantage of these programs could help you reduce your payments, get your loans in good standing and avoid student loan default. Zillow: Student loan borrowers had 3.5 years without payments, yet many still can’t afford to break into the housing market Fortune How the Fed impacts student loans Bankrate Yahoo Personal Finance What classic car insurance covers – and doesn’t Classic car insurance covers the intangible value of your collectible or antique vehicle. It’s usually not expensive but does come with limits on how you use the car. Yahoo Personal Finance What does collision insurance cover? Collision coverage is auto insurance that covers repairs to your car if you hit an object or another car. Your lender may require it, but states do not. Scroll to continue with content AD Yahoo Personal Finance Custom parts and equipment insurance: What it covers If you’ve added flashy rims or other modifications to your car, you’ll need special insurance for those aftermarket parts. Argus Research Analyst Report: Chubb Limited Based in Switzerland, Chubb Ltd. is a global specialty insurer and reinsurer. It is the largest publicly traded property casualty insurer in the world, operating in 54 countries and territories. With a market cap of approximately $85 billion, CB shares generally are regarded as large-cap value. Yahoo Personal Finance What you need to know about car insurance deductibles Your car insurance deductible — the money you pay out of pocket toward a covered claim — can have a big impact on how much you pay for car insurance. Yahoo Personal Finance What is an unsecured personal loan? A lender issues an unsecured personal loan without requiring you, the borrower, to provide anything of value to guarantee it. Here's what you need to know. Yahoo Personal Finance What is a personal loan? If you need easy access to much-needed cash, a personal loan is a good option, especially if you have decent credit and a steady income. Here's how a personal loan works. Yahoo Personal Finance Will I be taxed on student loan forgiveness? Student loan payments will resume soon, and borrowers are taking another look at their debt. Some forms of loan forgiveness are taxable. If you aren't prepared, the taxes on student loan forgiveness can be significant. Zillow: Student loan borrowers had 3.5 years without payments, yet many still can’t afford to break into the housing market Fortune How the Fed impacts student loans Bankrate Yahoo Personal Finance How to get a personal loan with bad credit A personal loan can be a quick way to get cash. But what if you have a sketchy credit history? Here's how to get a personal loan with bad credit. 3 types of debt you can consolidate Bankrate Pros and cons of debt consolidation Bankrate Argus Research Analyst Report: Chipotle Mexican Grill Chipotle Mexican Grill opened its first restaurant in 1993, became a subsidiary of McDonald's in 1998, and was spun off in a public offering in 2006. The company operates more than 3,200 restaurants. CMG restaurants offer quick service, but maintain traditional cooking methods and utilize high-quality ingredients. The company has a tightly focused menu, but store design and decor vary by location. The company has been expanding rapidly in recent years as interest in Southwestern food has spread throughout the U.S. With a market capitalization of $57.6 billion, the shares are generally regarded as large-cap growth. Yahoo Finance IMAX CEO: 'Very unlikely' 2023 film slate will shift amid double Hollywood strike IMAX CEO Richard Gelfond said he doesn't foresee a change to the theatrical film slate — despite Hollywood's ongoing double strike. Yahoo Finance Americans' retirement confidence: 'The lowest it's ever been' BlackRock found that only 56% of folks say they feel on track for retirement, down from 63% in 2022 and 68% in 2021. Yahoo Finance McDonald’s execs highlight inflation, consumer trade-down, and Grimace in Q2 earnings call McDonald's CEO Christopher Kempczinski and CFO Ian Borden provided further insight on how the Golden Arches is performing in a "more challenging macroeconomic environment." McDonald's Q2 earnings preview: Viral Grimace Shake promotion expected to boost sales Yahoo Finance McDonald’s Grimace Shake Trend Pays Off for Burger Chain The Wall Street Journal Yahoo Finance Meta's stock rally hasn't been about the metaverse at all Meta's stock is up more than 150% this year despite mounting losses at its metaverse-focused bet, Reality Labs. Meta reports 11% revenue growth, but the metaverse still suffers TechCrunch Meta stock gains after earnings, guidance from Facebook parent top expectations Yahoo Finance Yahoo Finance VW stock lower as auto giant cuts sales forecast, refocuses China efforts Shares of global auto giant Volkswagen are slipping today after the company cut its global delivery forecast as it tries to control higher input costs and a new strategy in the all-important Chinese market. Argus Research Market Update: CB, CMG, GOOGL, URI, MA, GM, SNAP Stocks rose on Thursday morning, led by strong gains in the Communication Services, Consumer Discretionary, and Technology sectors after a wide range of earnings reports. The gains came a day after an expected 25-basis-point rate hike by the Federal Reserve. Fed Chair Jerome Powell also said that an additional rate hike was possible in September. The Dow rose 0.1%, the S&P 0.5%, and the Nasdaq 1.1%. Crude oil rose nearly 2% to $80 per barrel, while gold fell sharply to $1945 per ounce. Yahoo Finance AWS this week unveiled a generative AI scribe for docs. The competition is fierce. AWS launched a new AI scribe for doctors. It is trying to get an edge over the likes of Microsoft and Oracle. AWS launches new healthcare-focused services, powered by generative AI TechCrunch Amazon Debuts HIPAA-Eligible Generative AI for Healthcare Providers Investopedia Yahoo Finance Big banks have to raise capital by as much as 19% under proposed US rules The changes represent one of the biggest revamps of bank capital rules since the 2008 financial crisis. US bank regulators announce sweeping proposals on capital rules Reuters Bank Capital Rules Could Hit Wealth Managers Such as Morgan Stanley The Wall Street Journal Yahoo Finance Tesla: Here’s the Supercharger network that Rivian, Ford, and GM are joining Just how big is Tesla’s Supercharger network that Ford, GM, and other automakers joined? It comprises 45,000 Superchargers across all 50 states and Puerto Rico. Yahoo Finance Gas prices are going up again. Here's why. The driving factor in the uptick is oil prices. Gasoline Prices Hit 8-Month High, With No Relief in Sight Barrons.com Gasoline Prices in US Hit Eight-Month High in Biden Setback Bloomberg Yahoo Personal Finance What is an excluded driver? A guide to adding an excluded driver to your auto insurance policy and what this means for your coverage. Argus Research Analyst Report: United Rentals, Inc. United Rentals is the largest rental equipment company in the world, with a store network nearly three times the size of any other provider, and locations in 49 states and all Canadian provinces. The company has over 24,500 employees and approximately 1,350 rental locations in the U.S. and Canada, as well as locations in Europe, Australia and New Zealand. The shares are a component of the S&P 500. Yahoo Finance Mortgage rates again edge closer to 7% after Fed’s latest rate hike The average rate on the 30-year fixed mortgage increased to 6.81% this week, up from 6.78% the week prior, according to Freddie Mac. Mortgage Rates Creep Back Up The Wall Street Journal Average long-term US mortgage rate inches back up to 6.81% AP Finance Finance Watchlists My Portfolio Markets News Videos Yahoo Finance Plus Screeners Personal Finance Crypto Industries Contact Us
