Yahoo Finance - Stock Market Live, Quotes, Business & Finance News Yahoo Mail S&P 5004,582.23+0.99% Dow 3035,459.29+0.50% Nasdaq14,316.66+1.90% Russell 20001,981.54+1.36% Crude Oil80.67+0.72% Gold1,958.80+0.67% Silver24.48+0.44% EUR/USD1.1019+0.35% 10-Yr Bond3.9690-1.07% GBP/USD1.2850+0.40% USD/JPY141.1400+1.24% Bitcoin USD29,361.35+0.25% CMC Crypto 200639.20+0.48% FTSE 1007,694.27+0.02% Nikkei 22532,759.23-0.40% GE stock surge shows it's possible to turn around a legacy company GE's stock is hitting 52-week highs, as it advances in its multi-year turnaround plan. Read More » Wegovy launches in Germany, drug's first big EU market Banks still losing deposits, just not the ones you might expect Heartland Tri-State bank in Kansas fails, is seized by regulators Yahoo Personal Finance What is a named insured driver? A look at the differences between named insured, named drivers and excluded drivers when building and buying your auto insurance coverage. Yahoo Personal Finance Worried about when student loan repayments resume? These programs could help The Biden administration announced new measures that could help borrowers struggling with their payments. Taking advantage of these programs could help you reduce your payments, get your loans in good standing and avoid student loan default. Yahoo Personal Finance What classic car insurance covers – and doesn’t Classic car insurance covers the intangible value of your collectible or antique vehicle. It’s usually not expensive but does come with limits on how you use the car. Yahoo Personal Finance What does collision insurance cover? Collision coverage is auto insurance that covers repairs to your car if you hit an object or another car. Your lender may require it, but states do not. Scroll to continue with content AD Yahoo Personal Finance Custom parts and equipment insurance: What it covers If you’ve added flashy rims or other modifications to your car, you’ll need special insurance for those aftermarket parts. Morningstar Research Morningstar | A Weekly Summary of Stock Ideas and Developments in the Companies We Cover In this edition, market makes missteps around Google's search; ResMed revs up; industry landscape on consumer packaged goods; and Canfor, LPL Financial, and Boeing. Yahoo Personal Finance What you need to know about car insurance deductibles Your car insurance deductible — the money you pay out of pocket toward a covered claim — can have a big impact on how much you pay for car insurance. Yahoo Personal Finance What is an unsecured personal loan? A lender issues an unsecured personal loan without requiring you, the borrower, to provide anything of value to guarantee it. Here's what you need to know. Yahoo Personal Finance What is a personal loan? If you need easy access to much-needed cash, a personal loan is a good option, especially if you have decent credit and a steady income. Here's how a personal loan works. Yahoo Personal Finance Will I be taxed on student loan forgiveness? Student loan payments will resume soon, and borrowers are taking another look at their debt. Some forms of loan forgiveness are taxable. If you aren't prepared, the taxes on student loan forgiveness can be significant. Yahoo Personal Finance How to get a personal loan with bad credit A personal loan can be a quick way to get cash. But what if you have a sketchy credit history? Here's how to get a personal loan with bad credit. What is a business credit score and how does it work? Bankrate Business credit cards vs. personal credit cards Bankrate Morningstar Research Analyst Report: Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group, Inc. Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group is the largest bank in Japan in terms of market capitalization and assets with an 8.3% share of all domestic loans as of March 2022. It is the largest non-Chinese bank group globally and has a balance sheet slightly larger than those of JPMorgan Chase and HSBC Holdings. MUFG’s operations in Japan account for around half of profit, banking in Thailand and Indonesia for around 15%, and equity-method earnings from Morgan Stanley more than 35%. Yahoo Finance IRS stops most home visits over employee safety concerns and scams The move may make it harder for the IRS and taxpayers to resolve tax issues as fast as before. Yahoo Finance Ready or not: Generation X faces bleak retirement horizon It's a grim retirement forecast for Generation X workers–those who are now between the ages of 41 and 56.Many in the so-called latchkey kid generation, who may have muddled through a childhood with less parent hand-holding than millennials and boomers, are now in need of some serious nurturing, according to a new report published by the National Institute on Retirement Security (NIRS). Yahoo Finance Stocks rally to end strong week as inflation keeps cooling: Stock market news today Stocks rose after another indicator showed inflation pressures continue to ease in the US. Fed's preferred inflation measure shows cooling price increases in June Yahoo Finance US Inflation Cooled While Consumer Spending Picked Up in June Bloomberg Yahoo Finance AstraZeneca plays up China, downplays patent loss in latest earnings: CFO AstraZeneca (AZN) reported strong earnings Friday, including $22 billion, or 4% revenue growth, in the first half of the year, and kept its 2023 forecast stable. AstraZeneca (AZN) Q2 Earnings & Sales Beat, Nil COVID Sales Zacks Compared to Estimates, Astrazeneca (AZN) Q2 Earnings: A Look at Key Metrics Zacks Yahoo Finance Ron 'Dukakis'? How DeSantis's campaign looks like a meltdown from the past Ron DeSantis is running for president on his record as Florida governor. That doesn't always work out so well, as 1988 presidential nominee Michael Dukakis learned the hard way. Morningstar Research Analyst Report: Bread Financial Holdings, Inc. Formed by a combination of JCPenney’s credit card processing unit and The Limited’s credit card bank business, Bread Financial is a provider of private label and co-branded credit cards, loyalty programs, and marketing services. The company’s most financially significant unit is its credit card business that partners with retailers to jointly market Bread’s credit cards to their customers. The company also retains minority interest in its recently spun-off LoyaltyOne division, which operates the largest airline miles loyalty program in Canada and offers marketing services to grocery chains in Europe and Asia. Yahoo Finance This week in Bidenomics: The most elusive recession ever The economy continues to go Biden's way. The missing link: Voters aren't giving him credit. Yahoo Finance Sweetgreen: An 'unforgiving' reaction from Wall Street after big Q2 earnings miss Sweetgreen reported Q2 results after the bell yesterday. Wall Street was not pleased. Its stock has plunged some 13% since the announcement. Yahoo Finance Fed's preferred inflation measure shows cooling price increases in June Economic data on Friday showed cooling inflation and wage growth, an ideal development for the Federal Reserve amid its interest rate hiking campaign. Stocks rally to end strong week as inflation keeps cooling: Stock market news today Yahoo Finance Fed's Preferred Inflation Measure Falls To 3% Investopedia Yahoo Finance Roku stock soars on Q2 earnings but ad headwinds loom, further challenged by strikes Roku stock soared double digits on Friday on the heels of solid Q2 earnings but a "muted" TV ad market will challenge the company in the back half of the year. Roku Stock Soars as Ad Market Improves. Revenue Was Surprisingly Strong. Barrons.com ROKU's Q2 Loss Narrower Than Expected, Revenues Increase Y/Y Zacks Yahoo Finance The 'lingering uncertainties' for Johnson & Johnson in talc legal fight A judge is expected to rule soon on whether J&J can use a controversial bankruptcy strategy to dispose of roughly 100,000 claims. J&J effort to resolve talc lawsuits in bankruptcy fails a second time Reuters Johnson & Johnson’s Second Talc Bankruptcy Case Thrown Out The Wall Street Journal Morningstar Research Analyst Report: Sonic Automotive, Inc. Sonic Automotive is one of the largest auto dealership groups in the United States. The company has 108 franchised stores in 18 states, primarily in metropolitan areas in California, Texas, and the Southeast, plus 18 EchoPark and 7 Northwest Motorsports used-vehicle stores, and 16 collision centers. The company derives revenue from new and used vehicles plus parts and collision repair, finance, insurance, and wholesale auctions. Luxury and import dealerships make up about 83% of franchise new-vehicle revenue, while Honda, BMW, Mercedes, and Toyota constitute about 56% of new-vehicle revenue. BMW is the largest brand at about 26%. 2022's revenue was $14 billion, with EchoPark's portion totaling $2.5 billion. Sonic bought RFJ Auto in December 2021, which added $3.2 billion in sales. Yahoo Finance P&G CEO: Inflation is coming down, and here's how we see it impacting profits P&G CEO Jon Moeller offers up a promising outlook on inflation in the US. Finance Watchlists My Portfolio Markets News Videos Yahoo Finance Plus Screeners Personal Finance Crypto Industries Contact Us
