Yahoo Menu Yahoo Mail Search SearchCancel Skip to Navigation Skip to Main Content Skip to Related Content Beyoncé's mom files for divorce from husband of 8 years Tina Knowles-Lawson filed for divorce on Wednesday, citing irreconcilable differences, and listed the date of separation as Tuesday. People Sinéad O’Connor’s Cause of Death: New Details Emerge Sinéad O’Connor‘s death did not take place under suspicious circumstances, London police said in a statement Thursday. Metropolitan police said they responded to a report Wednesday of an unresponsive woman in a London home. When they arrived, the Grammy-winning singer and musician, 56, was dead and could not be revived, per CNN. “It is with […] TVLine.com Trump accused of asking staffer to delete camera footage in Florida classified documents case WASHINGTON (AP) — Former President Donald Trump is facing accusations that he and aides asked a staffer to delete camera footage at his Florida estate in an effort to obstruct the classified documents investigations. The allegations were made Thursday in an updated grand jury indictment that adds new charges against Trump and adds another defendant to the case. A Trump spokesperson dismissed the new charges as “nothing more than a continued desperate and flailing attempt?? by the Biden administra The Canadian Press Ukrainian counter-offensive breaks through Russian defences in major push Ukraine launched a “massive?? Himars strike on a key Russian-held city in the south of the country as a major thrust in its counter-offensive showed the first signs of success. The Telegraph The best emerald-cut engagement rings The emerald-cut engagement ring has been around for centuries. The jeweller Harry Winston adored emerald cuts for their ability to show off the exceptional quality and clarity of a diamond (with fewer facets to reflect light than other cuts, you are able to look directly into an emerald-cut stone, which would show up any flaws). Indeed, the cut has become something of a house signature, linking back to the famous Jonker I, the 125.35 carat emerald-cut diamond cleaved from the enormous 726 carat Jonker rough diamond that Winston bought in 1935. Harper’s Bazaar Fox News’ Sean Hannity says he’ll ‘throw his staff down the stairs’ after he got congressman’s name wrong ‘My name’s Tim. Sorry to correct you,’ the congressman said The Independent Alicia Navarro: Girl missing for nearly four years walks into police station Alicia Navarro, 18, shows up at a police station in Montana more than 1,000 miles from her home. BBC ‘I live in the real world': Kevin O'Leary just warned the US has a 'crisis emerging' thanks to the breakneck speed of interest rate hikes — here is who will feel the most pain O'Leary's worried about one group in particular. Moneywise Thanks to Nigeria's upset win, Canada now finds itself in Women's World Cup logjam PERTH, Australia — After a wild night in Perth, the Canadian women's soccer team returned to its training base in Melbourne on Thursday to prepare for what is now a do-or-die match against Australia at the FIFA Women's World Cup. Hours after landing, seventh-ranked Canada found itself in a Group B logjam thanks to No. 40 Nigeria's 3-2 upset win over No. 10 Australia in the final game of the day. With one round of games remaining, it's all up for grabs in Group B. Olympic champion Canada could fi The Canadian Press Video captures an anti-tank ditch swallowing a vehicle, showing one of the dangers complicating Ukraine's assault The footage shows why this type of trap is a problem. And it's just one of a number of obstacles standing in the way of Ukraine's offensive push. Business Insider Mitch McConnell escorted away from cameras after freezing in the middle of a news conference The GOP leader was giving an opening statement during a press conference when he abruptly stopped speaking and stood silently for several seconds. USA TODAY Hulk Hogan Announces He's Engaged to Yoga Instructor Sky Daily: 'She Was Crazy Enough to Say Yes' Hogan's third engagement comes more than a year after he and Daily first began dating People Georgia Republican Tells Voters 'They Lied To You' After Giuliani Bombshell "For those that still believe there was widespread voter fraud, these people are admitting they lied to you," election official Gabriel Sterling tweeted on Thursday. HuffPost Dua Lipa Flaunts ? Abs And Underboob In A Hello Kitty String swimsuit Spring is just beginning, but Dua Lipa just gave a summer fashion teaser while sending her greetings from paradise. The singer posed in a crochet Hello Kitty swimsuit in new shots shared to her Instagram Women's Health Catherine Zeta-Jones Wore a Super-Deep Plunging Bathing Suit With the Most Practical Accessory And the pic is so nice, she posted it twice. InStyle Joe Biden rules out pardoning son Hunter for federal crimes Joe Biden ruled out pardoning his son Hunter for federal crimes as his son’s controversial foreign business dealings continued to cast a shadow over his presidency. The Telegraph Melania Trump retreated from the public eye because of tell-all books and her rocky relationship with Jared Kushner and Ivanka Trump, report says Melania Trump felt betrayed and disappointed by an array of friends, aides, and select Trump family members, according to The New York Times. INSIDER Florida Man Praised for Driving Drunk Girl Home, Reassuring Mom Over Doorcam A young man recently went viral, after a woman shared footage that showed him bringing her daughter safely back home from a party in Lehigh Acres, Florida.The video was recorded by Daisy Hernandez’s door camera, and shows her daughter walking up to the door and whispering, “Mommy, I’m so sorry,?? before disappearing inside the house.Behind her, the young man, who introduces himself as Ronny, addresses the camera and says, “I am sober. I drove her home. My girlfriend is in the car.??Hernandez, who gently mocked her daughter on TikTok, told Storyful that she was in fact proud of her for “being responsible enough to know not to get behind the wheel,?? and grateful for Ronny’s actions.She said that her daughter was out with Ronny’s girlfriend for a Christmas Eve party and that both girls had “a bit too much to drink.??The video had garnered nearly five million likes since it was posted on July 11.“She isn’t a regular drinker. Actually she shouldn’t have been drinking at all,?? Hernandez said. “Luckily Ronny picked them both up and drove them home.??Hernandez, whose mother was killed in a drunk-driving accident, said she wished the man responsible for her death had “had a Ronny?? that night. She said that Ronny deserved recognition for doing the right thing. Credit: Daisy J Hernandez via Storyful Storyful Russia tried to wipe out a Ukrainian air base that's crucial to its ability to launch the Storm Shadow missile It's unclear how much damage was caused by a Russian strike on a key Ukrainian air base that houses the planes that carry the Storm Shadow missile. Business Insider 12 teens beat man in ‘animalistic’ attack outside gas station, Ohio officials say “The man is lucky to be alive,?? officials said. Kansas City Star Sarah Ferguson Reveals the Surprising Etiquette Tricks Picked Up Throughout Her Royal Life The Duchess of York shared her clever ways to get out of a conversation on her podcast People This Cancer Symptom Can Be Spotted First Thing In The Morning It’s common with a lot of cancers. HuffPost UK Democrats Get Ready To Make Marjorie Taylor Greene Every Swing-Seat Republican’s Best Friend House Republicans in competitive districts often vote with the Georgia firebrand, according to a new study. HuffPost Emily Ratajkowski's Hot Girl Summer Includes a Hip- and Midriff-Flossing White String Bikini And a thong-baring micro-minidress, because of course. InStyle Treacherous Forest Fight Threatens ‘Hellish’ Putin Comeback Jose Colon/Anadolu Agency via Getty ImagesKYIV—The Kupiansk and Lyman axis of eastern Ukraine is rapidly spiraling into one of the hottest flashpoints of the war. The Ukrainian military reports that Russia has packed the region with more than 100,000 soldiers and 900 tanks—almost as many as the USSR deployed during the occupation of Afghanistan.For some on the front line, it’s a sign that Vladimir Putin is desperate for a chink of light in his disastrous war.“Putin has to sell at least some vict The Daily Beast Simu Liu responds to claims he clashed with Ryan Gosling at Barbie press event A video of the seemingly tense moment surfaced online this week The Independent Back Sign in Fp Home Mail News Sport Finance Celebrity Style Movies Local More... Yahoo Sites Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Tools Help Account Info Careers About Terms (Updated) Privacy (Updated)
