Stock Market, Finance & Business News | Yahoo Finance Canada Yahoo Mail S&P/TSX20,385.47-0.86% S&P 5004,537.41-0.64% DOW35,282.72-0.67% CAD/USD0.7559-0.0688% CRUDE OIL79.53-0.70% BTC-CAD38,691.98-0.25% CMC Crypto 200636.77-0.61% GOLD FUTURES1,946.40+0.04% RUSSELL 20001,954.90-1.29% 10-Yr Bond4.0120+4.18% NASDAQ futures15,598.25+0.18% VOLATILITY14.41+9.25% FTSE7,692.76+0.21% NIKKEI 22532,446.63-1.35% CAD/EUR0.6881-0.09% TC Energy announces spinoff of liquids pipeline business The separation of the two businesses is expected to be complete in the second half of 2024. Read More » Aecon Group swings to profit in Q2 as backlog builds Cenovus CEO shrugs off Ottawa's plan to nix subsidies Front-loading and free money: Maximizing your child's RESP Reuters Stocks slip, yen surges on speculation of Bank of Japan policy tweak Asian stocks were off five-month highs and the yen extended a sharp rally on Friday with speculation that the Bank of Japan could take another small step toward dismantling its super-easy stimulus policies. The Nikkei newspaper reported, without citing sources, that policymakers will discuss tweaking the yield control policy to allow 10-year government bond yields above a 0.5% cap in some circumstances. The yen had earlier jumped about 0.5% on the report, gaining even as the dollar rose elsewhere after strong U.S. economic data and a toned down outlook from the European Central Bank. The Canadian Press Biden looks to provide relief from extreme heat as record high temperatures persist across the US WASHINGTON (AP) — With heat waves spreading across the United States, President Joe Biden on Thursday announced new steps to protect workers — including a hazard alert notifying employers and employees about ways to stay safe from extreme heat — as well as measures to improve weather forecasts and make drinking water more accessible. The actions come as nearly 40% of the U.S. population faces heat advisories, according to the National Weather Service. High temperatures have already scorched the Bloomberg A $3 Trillion Threat to Global Financial Markets Looms in Japan (Bloomberg) -- (This story was originally published on March 29. Bank of Japan policymakers meet today, with investors speculating that they will loosen their tight grip on interest rates.)Most Read from BloombergSubway Offers Free Sandwiches That Come With a Lifetime CommitmentLargest US Grid Declares Emergency Alert For July 27US 10-Year Yield Hits 4% as BOJ Worry Lifts Yen: Markets WrapFed Raises Interest Rates to 22-Year High, Leaves Door Open for MoreUS Growth Accelerates to 2.4% on Resilie Bloomberg Japan Yield Breaks BOJ Ceiling on Fresh Policy Speculation (Bloomberg) -- Japan’s benchmark government bond yield pierced the central bank’s ceiling amid speculation that policymakers are discussing loosening their tight grip on interest rates. Most Read from BloombergSubway Offers Free Sandwiches That Come With a Lifetime CommitmentLargest US Grid Declares Emergency Alert For July 27US 10-Year Yield Hits 4% as BOJ Worry Lifts Yen: Markets WrapFed Raises Interest Rates to 22-Year High, Leaves Door Open for MoreUS Growth Accelerates to 2.4% on Resilient The Canadian Press Deep dive into Meta's algorithms shows that America's political polarization has no easy fix WASHINGTON (AP) — The powerful algorithms used by Facebook and Instagram to deliver content to users have increasingly been blamed for amplifying misinformation and political polarization. But a series of groundbreaking studies published Thursday suggest addressing these challenges is not as simple as tweaking the platforms' software. The four research papers, published in Science and Nature, also reveal the extent of political echo chambers on Facebook, where conservatives and liberals rely on Business Insider Mark Zuckerberg is $9 billion richer after Meta earnings, and has more than doubled his net worth in 2023 to $118 billion Zuckerberg is set to leapfrog four billionaires to become the world's sixth richest person, assuming the 9% gain in Meta stock holds on Thursday, Bloomberg Tokyo CPI Growth Tops Consensus, Focusing Attention on BOJ (Bloomberg) -- Inflation in Tokyo ran slightly hotter than economists were expecting in July, an outcome that casts some doubt on the Bank of Japan’s view that price growth will slow below its target in the coming months just as Governor Kazuo Ueda and his board meets to decide on policy.Most Read from BloombergSubway Offers Free Sandwiches That Come With a Lifetime CommitmentLargest US Grid Declares Emergency Alert For July 27US 10-Year Yield Hits 4% as BOJ Worry Lifts Yen: Markets WrapFed Rais Reuters Subway tuna lawsuit has been dismissed (Reuters) -A high-profile lawsuit by a California woman who claimed that Subway's tuna products contain ingredients other than tuna has been dismissed. The chain, with nearly 37,000 restaurants in more than 100 countries, and the plaintiff Nilima Amin have "come to agreement regarding dismissing the case with prejudice," meaning it cannot be brought again, court records show. Subway said it welcomed U.S. District Judge Jon Tigar's decision on Thursday to dismiss the case. Business Insider The classic 60/40 portfolio isn't dead. Here's why it's gearing up for a decade of strong returns. The time-tested investment approach took a beating in 2022, but that actually bodes well for future returns, according to Vanguard. Bloomberg Saudis Make First Big Global Mining Bet With Vale Metals Stake (Bloomberg) -- Saudi Arabia has made the first big deal in a push to deploy its vast wealth into the global mining industry, agreeing to buy a stake in Vale SA’s base metals unit.Most Read from BloombergSubway Offers Free Sandwiches That Come With a Lifetime CommitmentLargest US Grid Declares Emergency Alert For July 27US 10-Year Yield Hits 4% as BOJ Worry Lifts Yen: Markets WrapFed Raises Interest Rates to 22-Year High, Leaves Door Open for MoreUS Growth Accelerates to 2.4% on Resilient Consume Bloomberg Intel Jumps After PC Recovery Bolsters Chipmaker’s Outlook (Bloomberg) -- Intel Corp. shares surged after the chipmaker declared an end to the personal computer slump and said the second half of the year will show that its long-awaited comeback is underway.Most Read from BloombergSubway Offers Free Sandwiches That Come With a Lifetime CommitmentLargest US Grid Declares Emergency Alert For July 27US 10-Year Yield Hits 4% as BOJ Worry Lifts Yen: Markets WrapFed Raises Interest Rates to 22-Year High, Leaves Door Open for MoreUS Growth Accelerates to 2.4% o Bloomberg Vale Profit Disappoints as China Slowdown Dampens Sales (Bloomberg) -- Brazilian mining giant Vale SA reported second-quarter earnings that trailed expectations as weaker metal prices and sluggish sales countered production growth.Most Read from BloombergSubway Offers Free Sandwiches That Come With a Lifetime CommitmentLargest US Grid Declares Emergency Alert For July 27US 10-Year Yield Hits 4% as BOJ Worry Lifts Yen: Markets WrapFed Raises Interest Rates to 22-Year High, Leaves Door Open for MoreUS Growth Accelerates to 2.4% on Resilient Consumers, The Canadian Press B.C. port strike cost CPKC railway $80 million, exec says The B.C. port workers' strike deprived Canadian Pacific Kansas City Ltd. of scores of millions of dollars, its chief marketing officer said, tacking on a costly coda to a tough quarter. "At this point, we're estimating the strike had a negative impact of about $80 million in revenue, much of which we will work hard to claw back over the remainder of Q3 and Q4," John Brooks told analysts on a conference call Thursday. The 13-week strike — plus a brief wildcat job action — earlier this month halte Reuters Analysis-Global automakers scramble to reset China strategies as sales slow For foreign automakers in China, it is time to double down on a turnaround or cut losses after ceding their leadership of the world's biggest auto market to local, upstart brands. Announcements from some of the world's largest automakers in recent days show they are taking a divergent path: some German brands and General Motors are betting on new electric vehicles, while Toyota and others have shifted to cost-cutting mode. For the first time, Chinese brands are market leaders, taking a 53% share in the first half of 2023, data from the China Association of Automobile Manufacturers (CAAM) showed. Business Insider Bidenomics could make inflation worse, former US Treasury Secretary Larry Summers says "We do not have a problem of a shortfall of jobs … We do have a problem with costs." The Canadian Press Citigroup says some predecessor companies likely saw indirect financial benefits from slavery NEW YORK (AP) — Some of the companies that formed what is now Citigroup likely benefitted financially from slavery in the 1800's, the financial giant acknowledged Thursday, an admission that comes at a time when numerous institutions are re-examining their historic roots and the roles they played in slavery in the U.S. In research conducted last year, Citi found that none of its predecessor companies directly purchased, sold, or held slaves. But the research did find that some of predecessor ent Bloomberg US Hedge Funds Unload $700 Million of China ADRs, Morgan Stanley Says (Bloomberg) -- US-based hedge funds are selling into the rally in Chinese stocks, according to Morgan Stanley.Most Read from BloombergSubway Offers Free Sandwiches That Come With a Lifetime CommitmentLargest US Grid Declares Emergency Alert For July 27US 10-Year Yield Hits 4% as BOJ Worry Lifts Yen: Markets WrapFed Raises Interest Rates to 22-Year High, Leaves Door Open for MoreUS Growth Accelerates to 2.4% on Resilient Consumers, CompaniesThe fast-money managers have unloaded roughly $700 milli Bloomberg Ford Blames EV Price War for Delay in Plans to Boost Output (Bloomberg) -- Ford Motor Co.’s is throttling back on plans to ramp-up electric vehicle production, pointing the finger at a price war for battery-powered vehicles. Most Read from BloombergSubway Offers Free Sandwiches That Come With a Lifetime CommitmentLargest US Grid Declares Emergency Alert For July 27US 10-Year Yield Hits 4% as BOJ Worry Lifts Yen: Markets WrapFed Raises Interest Rates to 22-Year High, Leaves Door Open for MoreUS Growth Accelerates to 2.4% on Resilient Consumers, CompaniesT Business Insider A big clash is coming for Detroit's Big 3 automakers as their workers' union gears up for another round of contentious negotiations Ford, GM, and Stellantis have returned to the bargaining table to hash out a four-year deal with the United Auto Workers and avoid a possible strike. Yahoo Finance Video The risks of banks tokenising assets on blockchain | The Crypto Mile On this week's episode of The Crypto Mile our host Brian McGleenon is joined by Ralph Kubli, a board member of the Casper Association. Kubli articulated the transformative power of blockchain technology for the global financial sector, labeling it the "single most important technological innovation in finance" since the computerization of banking in the 1960s. However, he warned the current state of financial asset tokenization was "abysmal". The Canadian Press New York City crane collapse linked to company and operator with history of safety violations NEW YORK (AP) — As authorities continue to investigate a crane collapse that rained thousands of pounds of steel debris onto a busy Manhattan thoroughfare Wednesday, the owner and operator of the failed crane are facing scrutiny over past safety failures. The tower crane, owned by New York Crane and Equipment Corp., was hoisting concrete to the 36th story of a luxury high-rise when a fire broke out in the machine’s cab, officials said. The flames burned through a cable holding the crane's arm in Bloomberg Yen Jumps on Report That BOJ Will Discuss Tweaking Yield Curve Control (Bloomberg) -- The yen climbed against all of its major peers after a report that the Bank of Japan plans to discuss tweaking its yield curve control policy when it meets Friday.Most Read from BloombergSubway Offers Free Sandwiches That Come With a Lifetime CommitmentLargest US Grid Declares Emergency Alert For July 27US 10-Year Yield Hits 4% as BOJ Worry Lifts Yen: Markets WrapFed Raises Interest Rates to 22-Year High, Leaves Door Open for MoreUS Growth Accelerates to 2.4% on Resilient Consumer Bloomberg Biden Set to Tighten Fuel-Efficiency Standards for Automakers (Bloomberg) -- The Biden administration is poised to issue a proposal as early as Friday ordering automakers to increase the average fuel economy of their vehicles, according to people familiar with the matter. Most Read from BloombergSubway Offers Free Sandwiches That Come With a Lifetime CommitmentLargest US Grid Declares Emergency Alert For July 27US 10-Year Yield Hits 4% as BOJ Worry Lifts Yen: Markets WrapFed Raises Interest Rates to 22-Year High, Leaves Door Open for MoreUS Growth Accelera Reuters Kraft Heinz defeats lawsuit over mac & cheese preparation time A federal judge on Thursday dismissed a lawsuit accusing Kraft Heinz & Co of misleading consumers by promising it takes only 3-1/2 minutes to prepare a cup of microwavable Velveeta macaroni and cheese. U.S. District Judge Beth Bloom in Miami said consumer Amanda Ramirez lacked standing to pursue the proposed $5 million class action or force Kraft Heinz to change its packaging. Ramirez objected to packaging that said her macaroni and cheese would be "ready in 3-1/2 minutes" because it did not include time to remove the lid, add water and stir in a cheese sauce pouch. The Canadian Press As cyclists ride across Iowa, they are seeing craft breweries driving small-town tourism RIPPEY, Iowa (AP) — On a long stretch of road just outside the small Iowa town of Rippey, where thousands of cyclists were passing through during a 100-plus mile day on the world's longest and oldest recreational ride, five men and two women rode single-file down the left side, each wearing a jersey worth remembering. If you're a beer connoisseur. There was one from Toppling Goliath with images from its flagship Pseudo Sue pale ale. Another from Exile Brewing Company, based in the state capital Finance News Taxes Watchlists My Portfolio Real Estate My Screeners Tech Market Data Industry News Currency Converter
