Celebrity News & Updates | Yahoo News Canada Yahoo Search Search Mail News Follow Us Originals On Canada Project Opinion COVID-19 Canada World Business Entertainment Weather Sports Science Videos Entertainment Yahoo News Canada 'Special Ops: Lioness' star Laysla De Oliveira stresses military thriller isn't about 'men versus women' Canadian Laysla De Oliveira leads us through Special Ops: Lioness on Paramount+ from creator Taylor Sheridan, with Zoe Saldana and Nicole Kidman. Entertainment Yahoo News Canada 'They Cloned Tyrone' hits Netflix after debuting with a 100% Rotten Tomatoes score After receiving a 100 per cent Rotten Tomatoes score, Netflix movie They Cloned Tyrone, with John Boyega, Teyonah Parris, Jamie Foxx is now streaming. Entertainment Yahoo News Canada 'The Bear' stars gush about our favourite Canadian food icon Matty Matheson The Bear Season 2 with Jeremy Allen White, Ebon Moss-Bachrach, Ayo Edebiri, Lionel Boyce.,Liza Colón-Zayas, Matty Matheson is streaming in Canada on Disney+ Entertainment Yahoo News Canada 'The Righteous Gemstones' star Tim Baltz 'bled for real' during naked fight scene The Righteous Gemstones Season 3 is the best show to watch right now, reaching Episode 6, with a naked fight scene paired with emotional moments. Entertainment Yahoo News Canada 'Foundation' Season 2: Showrunner strives to 'subvert expectation at every turn' For Foundation Season 2 on Apple TV+, with Lou Llobell, Jared Harris, Lee Pace and Leah Harvey, showrunner David S. Goyer wants to shock the audience. Entertainment Yahoo News Canada 'Full Circle': Is Steven Soderbergh's drama with Claire Danes, Timothy Olyphant worth watching? When a kidnapping goes wrong, an web of secrets is revealed in Steven Soderbergh's Full Circle with Claire Danes, Timothy Olyphant, Zazie Beetz, Dennis Quaid. Entertainment Yahoo News Canada 'Bachelor in Paradise Canada' finale: Tessa Tookes makes history with Joey Kirchner proposal In the Bachelor in Paradise Canada finale, when Tessa Tookes proposed to Joey Kirchner, that was the first proposal by a woman in Bachelor history. Entertainment Yahoo News Canada 'Something You Said Last Night' filmmaker on coming up against trans misogyny financing captivating movie The release of the movie Something You Said Last Night proves that Luis De Filippis is one of Canada's most exciting and stylish filmmakers. Entertainment Yahoo News Canada 'The Witcher' Season 3 tops Netflix charts with 'masterclass' performances, before Henry Cavill departure Netflix The Witcher Season 3: Volume 1 is the start of the end of Henry Cavill, going deeper into Cassie Clare, Freya Allan, Anya Chalotra, Joey Batey's characters. Entertainment Yahoo News Canada 'Nimona' Netflix animated movie is a resounding success after it was almost killed ND Stevenson's graphic novel "Nimona" is now a Netflix movie, with Chloë Grace Moretz, Riz Ahmed, Eugene Lee Yang and RuPaul. Entertainment Yahoo News Canada 'Hijack' star Idris Elba plays against the 'big lad' type in Apple TV+ show Idris Elba stars as Sam Nelson in the Apple TV+ series Hijack, and the Luther and The Wire star highlights this role is "playing against type." Entertainment Yahoo News Canada 'Asteroid City' star Jason Schwartzman on 'challenging' and 'exciting' father role in new film When you think of a Wes Anderson film, likely the actor you associate with the filmmaker is Jason Schwartzman, now starring in Asteroid City. Entertainment Yahoo News Canada 'Asteroid City': Maya Hawke applauds how Wes Anderson 'cut all the fat and ridiculousness' on movie set Asteroid City stars Scarlett Johansson, Tom Hanks, Maya Hawke, Bryan Cranston, Jason Schwartzman applaud the atmosphere on a Wes Anderson movie set. Celebrity Yahoo News Canada Taylor Swift snubs Canada in latest Eras Tour announcement One of the hottest events of the year, Taylor Swift's Eras Tour, won't make any stops in Canada. Entertainment Yahoo News Canada Lilly Singh hosts 'Battle of the Generations' game show that will enrage and excite Canada Battle of the Generations, hosted by Scarborough, Ont., icon Lilly Singh, lets Baby Boomer, Gen X, Millennial, and Gen Z players compete for $25,000. Entertainment Yahoo News Canada 'The Righteous Gemstones' Season 3: Danny McBride's megachurch comedy keeps getting better HBO's The Righteous Gemstones Season 3 (on Crave in Canada), with Danny McBride, John Goodman, Edi Patterson, Adam Devine, Walton Goggins, is electric. Entertainment Yahoo News Canada 'Elemental' director, Pixar veteran proves animation has the rare 'magic' to 'unite' us all Elemental director, Pixar's Peter Sohn (now in theatres), highlights the way animation can create a rare "universal" and "magical" storytelling experience. Entertainment Yahoo News Canada Disney+ 'The Full Monty': Women of Sheffield make big moves in nostalgic new series In 1997 Robert Carlyle, Mark Addy, Steve Huison, Tom Wilkinson and Paul Barber stripped down in The Full Monty. Now the story continues on Disney+. Entertainment Yahoo News Canada 'The Lake' Season 2: Julia Stiles gets wackier with comedy, Jordan Gavaris channels Angela Lansbury One of the most exciting, funny and unique Canadian shows is back with The Lake Season 2 on Prime Video, starring Jordan Gavaris and Julia Stiles. Entertainment Yahoo News Canada 'A privilege': Marilyn Denis says farewell to Canadians with the end of 'The Marilyn Denis Show' After 13 seasons Canadians are saying farewell to The Marilyn Denis Show, hosted by the beloved Canadian icon. Entertainment Yahoo News Canada 'The Boogeyman': 'Yellowjackets' star Sophie Thatcher adamant about not glamorizing a depressed teen After her take on young Natalie in Yellowjackets, Sophie Thatcher has stepped into The Boogeyman movie, staying away from stereotypes of depressed teens on screen. Celebrity Yahoo News Canada Isis King is taking Hollywood by storm, from 'America's Next Top Model,' to Prime Video's 'With Love' From being an openly trans woman on American's Next Top Model, to roles in When They See Us and With Love, Isis King is taking Hollywood by storm. Entertainment Yahoo News Canada 'The Tower 2: Death Message' shows the 'scary,' 'ugly truth' of real crime scenes For a gritty crime drama The Tower: Death Message (on Britbox), with Gemma Whelan, Tahirah Sharif, Jimmy Akingbola, Emmett J Scanlan, is worth watching. Entertainment Yahoo News Canada 'You Hurt My Feelings' review: Julia Louis-Dreyfus just can't handle the truth in brilliant new comedy Nicole Holofcener has executed another messy and brilliant character-driven comedy, You Hurt My Feelings with Julia Louis-Dreyfus, Tobias Menzies. Entertainment Yahoo News Canada 'The Little Mermaid' star Jacob Tremblay says 'it's OK to feel skeptical' about the Disney remake Canadian actor Jacob Tremblay takes part in the live action remake of one of Disney's The Little Mermaid, voicing the character of Flounder. Terms and Privacy Policy Privacy Dashboard Advertise About Our Ads Careers Help Feedback © 2023 Yahoo. All rights reserved.
